Next we come on to the Hunslet which was used underground to all supplies. It was used to take
men underground. It would be bringing the men out. It would be fitted with a diesel engine.
You couldn't fit a petrol engine. There'd be too much danger in gas. Diesel was totally enclosed
and was quite safe underground providing the exhaust was long enough unmuffled. To your right
there's a lump of steel that was a steam hammer. This came from Coignant collier to Blindant
in 1968. When it was in commission in Coignant the anvil that you see next to it would have been
actually underneath the hammer and protruding through the oblong hole in the hammer and the hammer would
have been steam operated. You see the steam engine on the left. This would have worked the hammer up
and down for shaping large sections of steel.
Books areなので to make them privile modifier.